how about you guys welcome once again to
My channel is read and today I bring you a
small tutorial on how to create a server
from minecraft 1.3 points 2
it would be the latest version since good
any type of servers are the same
the way to create but I'm going to bring
this since it is the last patch so
saying the first thing we're going to do is
direct us to download and download the
client so to speak that everyone
I should have updated to the last
version and the multiplayer server
the excel downloaded pri faster
it's just going to be an ulna you know
It's very simple
you download this file that is a folder
I think it's called pop pop pop funk
good pop we put minecraft inside the
folder and we execute it this will take a
little will create us some files that will
is loading
a terrarium
will be a little bit I repeat create a
server of any version is
practically the same simply
you need the minecraft server of
customer so to speak
of that version
after the 1.3 points since the page
the last one I had downloaded for
download this voucher
right now our server this area
active resist has already created our
our folder in
we close here it does not happen anything is worth it then you
real server
we go to the server folder if
you see is this file is not
you can open it means you have to
put a document mode that would be
Right button open with the document
of good notes bring us to the little
list
that will be mini kraft
well I 'll tell you a series of
properties if you want to be that by
example when offline means if people
I could fly or not just if you want
what if you should put true and if it is
you do not just put a fault if you cancel
that option
I'm going to say the basics that would be world
lane world name
they would sell would be the name of your map to
what do you want to put on your server
or such I'm going to put for example
OK
then on the by we leave the one that is
in 255 servet and p ok we have 2
us to fort or use the hamchi
vale is more
if we have a we never take our ip
by a right to purchase four
we could be freedom and this would be the
server ip just simply max me later
pvp true difficulties such so who
modest you can if you have a couturier
on the server that fails to explain
this tutorial can you
you can
then modify it from within
file we keep a folder we close
here and we run the server again
very well while running I'm going to stop
the recording and I come to follow files
how about you guys egg be here
server is already executed is in
perfect functioning as
the chats has loaded everything perfectly
27 percent you can see the version of the
game would simply be like final
and enter minecraft run it
with our password I saw it in the series
if we are premium if we are not prizes
equally
the run
of multiplayer and here we would have for
example opened several times our
minecraft server notice if it is for
Hamas and people have to be
connected to your network if you can not sell
the server and sipe can be any
just be careful
once before finishing this tutorial
know how to close the server if I do not
let's modify the notes themselves always
forever
for
that can enter those that are not premium
so to speak, you do not have the game
bought where you put online mode you have
what to put pictures
you just keep and everyone that
do not have premium could enter your
server even yourselves
I hope you liked this little one
tutorial
nothing so I need more help your
previous to my channel and a private message
come to the boys
if there are our invoices
n